Zoldiav had just finished working for the day and retired to a cave. He usually lived with a group of dragons. But not today. Today he lived with only one other dragon, Nalvados. Whom he could already see in the cave as he approached. And that got him angry... 'How could he be so careless as to stay at the entrance of the cave?? Anyone who might be around could see him!' he thought to himself. When he arrived at the cave he greeted his rival with a tackle. Nalvados, caught by surprised, did not have time to react and he fell over. Zoldiav used that opportunity to wrap his tail around Nalvados' neck, loosely enough that he won't choke, and dragged him further into the cave.
"Hey! Just what do you think you're doing?!" Nalvados shouted accompanied with a roar as he struggled trying to get free but Zoldiav tightened his grip on his neck. "Shut up! If there is an enemy around they will know we're here! And you were staying at the entrance of the cave? You better hope no one saw you!"

As they were deep enough in the cave, where no one could see them, he released Nalvados' neck. Nalvados immediately got up onto all fours and gave Zoldiav a threatening stare while snarling. "That does not give you the right to tackle me and coil your tail around my neck, you could have choked me!" He was ready to attack, just waiting, gauging the dragon in front of him. "Oh yeah? Because maybe you have the right to get us all killed by staying at the entrance of the cave? Because if an enemy saw you we will be in trouble!" said Zoldiav while on the defensive, prepare to counter any incoming attack if need be.

Nalvados was annoyed by his remarks. He was right, he knew he was right. But he would never admit it, he was far too proud for that. So instead he emitted a faint growl and he stood up onto his hind paws. Zoldiav, seeing as the dragon in front of him took an aggressive stance, knew Nalvados was about to attack him so he immediately took the same stance and he was about to prepare himself to block any incoming attack but Nalvados was too quick he hit him on the muzzle with a front paw. Were an enemy in front of him he would have used his claws and all his strength to attack, but as annoying as Zoldiav could be, he remained his friend, or more correctly, his rival. Nalvados didn't use his claws, but he still stroke him with force, not enough to injure him, but just enough to hurt. 'Fuck that hurts. Damn him.. How dares he hit me? And on the muzzle at that!' Zoldiav thought, clearly pissed off as he started growling before turning into a snarl. Zoldiav lowers his front end and jumps forth onto Nalvados. Nalvados gasped in surprise. He gave out a pained moan as his back hits the ground, he was pinned down by Zoldiav and he bit down on his neck, his teeth didn't sink deep, there wasn't even a single drop of blood leaking, but he was sure the dragon underneath him would be marked for a while, a painful reminder never to piss him off. Although he wasn't bleeding, that bite still stung, it was painful and only made him more angry than he previously was and he made it known with a loud roar.
