Zoldiav had just finished working for the day and retired to a cave. He usually lived with a group of dragons. But not today. Today he lived with only one other dragon, Nalvados. Whom he could already see in the cave as he approached. And that got him angry... 'How could he be so careless as to stay at the entrance of the cave?? Anyone who might be around could see him!' he thought to himself. When he arrived at the cave he greeted his rival with a tackle. Nalvados, caught by surprised, did not have time to react and he fell over. Zoldiav used that opportunity to wrap his tail around Nalvados' neck, loosely enough that he won't choke, and dragged him further into the cave.

"Hey! Just what do you think you're doing?!" Nalvados shouted accompanied with a roar as he struggled trying to get free but Zoldiav tightened his grip on his neck.

"Shut up! If there is an enemy around they will know we're here! And you were staying at the entrance of the cave? You better hope no one saw you!"

As they were deep enough in the cave, where no one could see them, he released Nalvados' neck. Nalvados immediately got up onto all fours and gave Zoldiav a threatening stare while snarling. "That does not give you the right to tackle me and coil your tail around my neck, you could have choked me!" He was ready to attack, just waiting, gauging the dragon in front of him.

"Oh yeah? Because maybe you have the right to get us all killed by staying at the entrance of the cave? Because if an enemy saw you we will be in trouble!" said Zoldiav while on the defensive, prepare to counter any incoming attack if need be.

Nalvados was annoyed by his remarks. He was right, he knew he was right. But he would never admit it, he was far too proud for that. So instead he emitted a faint growl and he stood up onto his hind paws. Zoldiav, seeing as the dragon in front of him took an aggressive stance, knew Nalvados was about to attack him so he immediately took the same stance and he was about to prepare himself to block any incoming attack but Nalvados was too quick he hit him on the muzzle with a front paw. Were an enemy in front of him he would have used his claws and all his strength to attack, but as annoying as Zoldiav could be, he remained his friend, or more correctly, his rival. Nalvados didn't use his claws, but he still stroke him with force, not enough to injure him, but just enough to hurt. 'Fuck that hurts. Damn him.. How dares he hit me? And on the muzzle at that!' Zoldiav thought, clearly pissed off as he started growling before turning into a snarl. Zoldiav lowers his front end and jumps forth onto Nalvados. Nalvados gasped in surprise. He gave out a pained moan as his back hits the ground, he was pinned down by Zoldiav and he bit down on his neck, his teeth didn't sink deep, there wasn't even a single drop of blood leaking, but he was sure the dragon underneath him would be marked for a while, a painful reminder never to piss him off. Although he wasn't bleeding, that bite still stung, it was painful and only made him more angry than he previously was and he made it known with a loud roar.

Elrodin was walking towards a cave, although he couldn't see its entrance as it was hidden well enough by trees and bushes, he knew where it was. As he was walking, a sudden roar could be heard, that roar seemed to be coming from the direction the cave was located at. 'Fuck, did they find us already?!' Elrodin thought to himself as he started running, afraid for his teammates. Fortunately he wasn't far away from the cave and soon he could see the entrance and he stepped in, still running until he reached the source of that roar. That's when he saw it. That absurd show. His teammates were fighting one another! Getting angrier by the second he shouted "You morons!" He tackled Zoldiav and hit Nalvados' snout with his tail. Zoldiav, loosing his grip on Nalvados' neck by the tackle he was sent flying back. He landed on the ground onto his back and let out a pained groan. "Do you have any idea of what you've done?? I wasn't even next to the cave entrance that I heard you roar! It took us a while to find this cave perfect for us to set camp in our enemy's territory and now you two just blew it! If I heard that roar then who knows who else might have heard it. We're in ENEMY territory for fuck's sake!! We've been sent here on a mission and after only one day you're already putting it at risk!"
The rivals said nothing, instead they both let out an ashamed whimper. Upon hearing their whimper, Elrodin sighed. "Let's go, we have to leave. It's too dangerous to stay here any longer."

The two rivals got up on all fours, although Zoldiav gave a low groan in pain, that tackle got him good. Then the three of them made their way towards the entrance of the cave. When they were out they immediately walked to the direction their group was. "You two, make sure no one is following us." Elrodin ordered to Zoldiav and Nalvados. So, they both obeyed and looked around while walking to make sure no one was following them. They also made sure to cover their tracks, which slowed them down, but it was necessary. They walked like this for a while, until they decided they were far away enough from the cave they were at and so they started flying further away. Their flight was cold, no one spoke a word. Zoldiav and Nalvados felt too ashamed by their previous behavior and, of course, they both blamed one another for this, looking at each other with frustration. After flying for half an hour they landed in a meadow, free from unwelcomed ears.

Elrodin turned around to face Zoldiav and Nalvados and started speaking. "So, what have the two of you seen while spying in enemy territory?"

"I didn't see anything useful. The anthros were just training, shooting arrows, close combat with swords, running. Nothing out of ordinary." Nalvados said.

"Hmm... That's peculiar" Elrodin seemed a bit surprised, as if he was expecting something different. He then turned to Zoldiav "And what about you, Zoldiav?"

"I saw anthros riding dragons. Some mages were making targets float in the air while anthros were training to shoot them with arrows and spells, all the while they were flying on dragons. Some targets were even made to move in the air."

While growling, Nalvados reacted "Those damned dragons. They're no better than pets or even slaves. I can't believe they're letting those filthy anthros ride them!" he was seemingly upset by that prospect.

"Calm down, Nalvados. They've been doing worse and you know it." Nalvados calmed down but was still emitting a low growl. "As for me. I saw a sorcerer that was capable of killing an adult, scaled dragon with his magic." Nalvados and Zoldiav both looked at Elrodin in shock.

'Wha-what?... An anthro killed a scaled dragon without the help of a dragon??' Nalvados was thinking while processing this information.

Meanwhile, Zoldiav couldn't believe what he heard. He tried to find an explanation instead. "That's impossible! Their magic is way too weak to kill a scaled dragon! Are you sure the dragon didn't have a hide??"

"Enough! I know what I saw! And as hard as it is to believe it's the plain truth. Now let me finish." They both listened Elrodin attentively. "That sorcerer, whoever they may be, demonstrated his prowess in public, in front of many anthros." Nalvados and Zoldiav couldn't believe their ears, they growled with anger. "That dragon did not even try to use magic. I don't know if he simply never had the ability to use magic. But as you well know, dragons who can't use magic are very rare. So I can't help but wonder if they might have incapacitated him somehow. Maybe they have learned of a spell or something that can render us unable to use magic."

"Either way... Anthros are learning powerful magic. If they can kill us with their magic and are also learning to ride dragons, they will become powerful foes. Up until now only dragons were a threat. But this..." Zoldiav started growling even more "This changes everything..."
